Dear Sir,

    This is for your kind information.
   
    My family is in very difficult financial situation.

    we are searching bride for my sister.so,we will arrange money for my sister's marriage also.

    In that situation,I  paid loan amount in very difficult way.
     
     Yesterday(03.07.2017) I went to bank for asking  my Education loan  status.At That time they told that all amount is entered in normal Installment, that's why I have to pay all pending amount.It is very shocking to me.

    when the first time(date) me & my father went to bank for one time settlement,I searched the mam who discussed with you for one time settlement.she was not in the bank.Another mam was there.  I again & again asked to her for one time settlement this account no is it correct,but, she replied that,to fill up the form & pay the loan amount.

    Second time also, the mam was not there.That time I met with you and explain my situation about already paid 10000 rs.You told to pay the amount.

    Third time My family member came to bank and repay the amount.

    Kindly request you to please understand my situation.As per my Education loan consideration, My sister's marriage getting delayed.

    You are only hope.

    I paid loan amount was borrowed from others. If I try to repay this amount ,it takes 4-years.

    This situation, Yesterday the mam asked to repay the full loan amount.

    I coudn't repay pending amount.Please help me to close the loan.kindly ensure to me my loan status.

    I am very grateful to you.

Dear sir,

First, I want to ask sorry to explain my financial situation. Because of  all my  colleagues have financial problems.

I got may month salary 25% this is not enough for June month bus fare. Because one day my up and down bus fare for Rs.150 also monthly bus expenses for Rs.3900 . 

At the same time my sister's son is admitted in the hospital for leg surgery.

So my family members are facing  more financial problem for my sister's son operation and my education loan. Because, we borrowed lot of money from others.

So there is no way for I will arrange my personal expenses to my family member. I don't have money in my hand this month. Last month also I arranged amount from others for my travel expenses.

At the same time Long bus Travel  not suitable to my health,More than 6-hours has taken. For that I faced more health problems.I don't know future continuous come to  office is possible or not.

In difficult situation, I will try to come office to complete my notice period. I was completed two month notice period.

I don't have money for Monday come to office and personal expenses.

Please understand  my situation . Please give salary advance or release salary as soon as possible.

I honestly don't know how to explain my situation. I would like to ask one favour regarding my resignation.

I am very sorry to have caused any inconvenience.

So, Kindly, I request you to Please understand my situation and relieve  me as soon as possible.

I am still waiting for your response.

My hope is only Ekgaon.

Kindly, I request you to give formal relieving  from Ekgaon Technologies Private Limited.

Thank you very much for your time and consideration of my salary advance request and  my resignation.

NOTE: I was completed two month notice Period. So, Kindly, I request you to give formal relieving from Ekgaon Technologies Private Limited..
